Those who offend the authority of Long Shuai will be killed without mercy
How can we do this?
Lord Fengming Hou
The arrival of the Heaven Dou Legion also means that Long Shuai is coming soon
Are you sure you still want to protect this kid, my lord?
The Heaven Dou Legion has come
If you don't leave, you really have no chance
If Mr. Lin did anything tonight
Less than half
I spend the month willing to apologize to Long Shuai for him
But this is the death penalty for offending Long Shuai
If you insist on protecting him
But don't blame us for not pleading for you then.
Hold on
Su Shui, why are you here? Su Ya
You escort Mr. Lin away
It turned out that he also came to save Lin Ce for your master
Then you can go back. What did you say?
This is Skylark
With what you bring
He is not the opponent of Heaven Dou at all
I advise you.
Let's get rid of that idea
I'm just here to take off my adult's
Nothing to do with him
Lord please leave with me
Then take Mr. Linze with you
Sir Linze, I'm afraid you can't take it away
The Heaven Dou Legion has surrounded this place
He offended the Heaven Doulong Shuai
Today he can't escape
Sir, why do you need this?
You don't understand that you can't live without him downstairs
But you must go
adult
The director of the Hu trial riot sent me to suppress it
Tiandoulong Shuai is already on his way
What!
Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai is not in Jiangshan